---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-16T00:43:41.322Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-16T00:27:59.933Z'
title: Welcome
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-16-welcome.md
published: true
url: welcome/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
Every Person Is Unique!
We've taken the guess work out of finding which vitamins are right for you! Highest quality nutrients, dosages, and formulas supported by clinical studies. Superior Value at up to 40% less than retail.
IMG\_1118.JPG
Using intensive cutting-edge research, we develop and sell industry-leading custom vitamin programs and products using the latest advancements in nutritional science, clinical research, and pharmaceutical-grade nutrients. Our proprietary formulas feature an exclusive ID Nutrition AM and PM pak system to ensure that the right nutrient is delivered when the body needs it most. To provide maximum safety we also screen for negative drug and nutrient interactions to ensure the best possible health outcomes.
How We Do It:
Through our clinical and evidence-based nutritional products, backed by thousands of scientific studies, we are able to zero-in on your individual needs and goals to deliver highly targeted vitamin recommendations. Each nutrient and clinically proven dosage is selected to address your specific nutritional gaps, lifestyle and medication therapy support.
The ID Nutrition Difference:
•Patented on-line health assessment process providing 100% personalized results.
•Clinically driven nutrient and dose recommendations.
•Safety screened for drug, nutrient and allergy interactions.
•Convenient, effective AM and PM dosing paks to maximize absorption.
•Added Bio-active compounds to enhance antioxidant delivery.
4 Steps:
1\. Take the Free Personal Health Assessement (Only takes about 10 minutes)
2\. We design a person nutrient program just for you (Based on the lastest medical science)
3\. Review your supplement program and order (Your supplements will arrive within 1 week)
4\. Start on the road to better health (Enjoy more energy, better sleep, a stronger immune system and reach your goals.